Gabriel Toh (z5358375)

Week 1
We formed and named our group. I volunteered as Scrum Master. We discussed
our project preferences and skills/experience. We also brainstormed the
possible tech stack we could use for the project. We planned to start the
proposal in the next week.

Week 2
We decided to do P23 and started work on the proposal. I researched and
wrote the background section for the proposal. We had further
discussions on the tech stack and assigned frontend/backend roles.
We planned to finish the rest of the proposal before next tutorial, so we
could get feedback from the tutor.

Week 3
We continued work on the proposal and finalised the tech stack for our
project. I wrote the project objectives and novel functionality section
of the proposal. We got feedback from the tutor and then submitted our
proposal after making some changes. We planned to finalise our API
and database schema in the next few days, so that we could start
coding in week 4.

Week 4
We began implementing the user stories for Sprint 1. We discussed the
design of our database schema and what data we needed to store. Then
I wrote the schema using Prisma and got feedback from the other team
members. I also began implementing the code for login/logout on the
backend. Next week we will finish off the user stories and do some
manual testing, in preparation for Demo A.

Week 5
We finished implementing the user stories for Sprint 1. I wrote code
on the backend to handle login/logout and the admin features. I also
wrote some helper functions for auth tokens and password hashing.
I got code review from the other team members and helped to review
other member's code too. Next week we will begin planning and working
on Sprint 2 user stories, while incorporating feedback from Demo A.

Week 6
We started working on Sprint 2 user stories. I updated the Prisma
schema to include project-related data. I also fixed some bugs in
our codebase and gave feedback on Amith's api spec for Sprint 2
functionality. Next week we will continue working on Sprint 2
by implementing the functions we have planned.

Week 7
We continued working on Sprint 2 user stories. I implemented 5
routes and fixed some bugs. I also helped on other people's routes
and gave feedback. Next week we will finish off Sprint 2 stories
and start looking at the project report.
