Jason Lim (z5359171)

Week 1
Selected group mates and submitted our preferences for what project aligned with our interests
and skills. As a group, we discussed what tech stack would be applicable to the project of 
interest. 

Week 2
Made a Jira account and joined the Jira team. Also accessed the team's GitHub repository and attended 
the meeting with the client. The project selected was Project 23. I finished my portion of the user stories and was allocated to work on the Professional User storyboard.

Week 3
Designed the Professional User storyboard using Excalidraw. We discussed the novel functionalities
and agreed on which User Stories should be assigned to the first sprint. Discussed how the admin would
be able to verify professionals. 

Week 4
Discussed the database schema and decided the relevant attributes and types for company, professional, and admin users and links. From there we delegated  Gabriel to implement the Prisma code. I have been tasked to be part of the backend team for this project.

Week 5
I was tasked with the company functions implementation which I did the company create account function, company profile data function, and company update function. I also did the manual testing for these functions and did error handling.

Week 6
I added the external links component for company functions so that a company can display its website link and update its website link alongside updating the index.ts to accommodate for external links. I also added a new model called CompanyLink into the schema.prisma to handle the external links feature. Afterward, I fixed the error messages for both company and professional functions to be more descriptive for a better user experience so that they know why they can't log in or insert their ABN and other errors when using the functions. 

Week 7
I did the projectCreate and projectUpdate function and also updated the original company and professional profiledata function to return Projects. I tested out some of the other project functions including projectCreate and will test out projectUpdate soon.
